README.md, before:

# My CV 📄

This is my work in progress CV webpage. I chose Astro because I think this should be a) the ideal use case for it, and b) I want to.
If you happen to read this Readme. This might be work in progress

## 👨🏻‍💻 Running Locally

The easiest way to run this project locally is to run the following command in your desired directory.

```bash
# npm 6.x
npm create astro@latest --template satnaing/astro-paper

# npm 7+, extra double-dash is needed:
npm create astro@latest -- --template satnaing/astro-paper

# yarn
yarn create astro --template satnaing/astro-paper
```

## Google Site Verification (optional)

You can easily add your [Google Site Verification HTML tag](https://support.google.com/webmasters/answer/9008080#meta_tag_verification&zippy=%2Chtml-tag) in AstroPaper using environment variable. This step is optional. If you don't add the following env variable, the google-site-verification tag won't appear in the html `<head>` section.

```bash
# in your environment variable file (.env)
PUBLIC_GOOGLE_SITE_VERIFICATION=your-google-site-verification-value
```

## 🧞 Commands

All commands are run from the root of the project, from a terminal:

> **_Note!_** For `Docker` commands we must have it [installed](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) in your machine.

| Command                              | Action                                                                                                                           |
| :----------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `npm install`                        | Installs dependencies                                                                                                            |
| `npm run dev`                        | Starts local dev server at `localhost:4321`                                                                                      |
| `npm run build`                      | Build your production site to `./dist/`                                                                                          |
| `npm run preview`                    | Preview your build locally, before deploying                                                                                     |
| `npm run format:check`               | Check code format with Prettier                                                                                                  |
| `npm run format`                     | Format codes with Prettier                                                                                                       |
| `npm run sync`                       | Generates TypeScript types for all Astro modules. [Learn more](https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/cli-reference/#astro-sync). |
| `npm run cz`                         | Commit code changes with commitizen                                                                                              |
| `npm run lint`                       | Lint with ESLint                                                                                                                 |
| `docker compose up -d`               | Run AstroPaper on docker, You can access with the same hostname and port informed on `dev` command.                              |
| `docker compose run app npm install` | You can run any command above into the docker container.                                                                         |

> **_Warning!_** Windows PowerShell users may need to install the [concurrently package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/concurrently) if they want to [run diagnostics](https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/cli-reference/#astro-check) during development (`astro check --watch & astro dev`). For more info, see [this issue](https://github.com/satnaing/astro-paper/issues/113).

## ✨ Feedback & Suggestions

If you have any suggestions/feedback, you can contact me via [my email](mailto:contact@satnaing.dev). Alternatively, feel free to open an issue if you find bugs or want to request new features.

## 📜 License

Licensed under the MIT License, Copyright © 2023

---

Made with 🤍 by [Sat Naing](https://satnaing.dev) 👨🏻‍💻 and [contributors](https://github.com/satnaing/astro-paper/graphs/contributors).

Commit message:

chore(docs): add netlify status

README.md, after:

# My CV 📄

This is my work in progress CV webpage. I chose Astro because I think this should be a) the ideal use case for it, and b) I want to.
If you happen to read this Readme. This might be work in progress

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/3b71d2ba-25f4-4dbc-bfff-68389c239307/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/holgergp-cv/deploys)

I left the docs below in this repo for my own convenience:


## 👨🏻‍💻 Running Locally

The easiest way to run this project locally is to run the following command in your desired directory.

```bash
# npm 6.x
npm create astro@latest --template satnaing/astro-paper

# npm 7+, extra double-dash is needed:
npm create astro@latest -- --template satnaing/astro-paper

# yarn
yarn create astro --template satnaing/astro-paper
```

## Google Site Verification (optional)

You can easily add your [Google Site Verification HTML tag](https://support.google.com/webmasters/answer/9008080#meta_tag_verification&zippy=%2Chtml-tag) in AstroPaper using environment variable. This step is optional. If you don't add the following env variable, the google-site-verification tag won't appear in the html `<head>` section.

```bash
# in your environment variable file (.env)
PUBLIC_GOOGLE_SITE_VERIFICATION=your-google-site-verification-value
```

## 🧞 Commands

All commands are run from the root of the project, from a terminal:

> **_Note!_** For `Docker` commands we must have it [installed](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) in your machine.

| Command                              | Action                                                                                                                           |
| :----------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `npm install`                        | Installs dependencies                                                                                                            |
| `npm run dev`                        | Starts local dev server at `localhost:4321`                                                                                      |
| `npm run build`                      | Build your production site to `./dist/`                                                                                          |
| `npm run preview`                    | Preview your build locally, before deploying                                                                                     |
| `npm run format:check`               | Check code format with Prettier                                                                                                  |
| `npm run format`                     | Format codes with Prettier                                                                                                       |
| `npm run sync`                       | Generates TypeScript types for all Astro modules. [Learn more](https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/cli-reference/#astro-sync). |
| `npm run cz`                         | Commit code changes with commitizen                                                                                              |
| `npm run lint`                       | Lint with ESLint                                                                                                                 |
| `docker compose up -d`               | Run AstroPaper on docker, You can access with the same hostname and port informed on `dev` command.                              |
| `docker compose run app npm install` | You can run any command above into the docker container.                                                                         |

> **_Warning!_** Windows PowerShell users may need to install the [concurrently package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/concurrently) if they want to [run diagnostics](https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/cli-reference/#astro-check) during development (`astro check --watch & astro dev`). For more info, see [this issue](https://github.com/satnaing/astro-paper/issues/113).

## ✨ Feedback & Suggestions

If you have any suggestions/feedback, you can contact me via [my email](mailto:contact@satnaing.dev). Alternatively, feel free to open an issue if you find bugs or want to request new features.

## 📜 License

Licensed under the MIT License, Copyright © 2023

---

Made with 🤍 by [Sat Naing](https://satnaing.dev) 👨🏻‍💻 and [contributors](https://github.com/satnaing/astro-paper/graphs/contributors).
